c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\SPR.dll.config
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\SPR.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\SPR.pdb
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\obj\Debug\SPR.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\obj\Debug\SPR.dll
c:\users\mcondit\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SPR\SPR\obj\Debug\SPR.pdb
